how you doing son
marina as commanding officer myself
i only lost one marine
his best friend waited there guarding
his body until it could be extracted
you ever hear that story before son i
always wanted to meet the man that
carried my son off that field
when i got out of the military all i
learned is fighting
but i want you to be different
nick what are you doing here man
paying some bills
i want to give you all the better stuff
you mind rolling with him
that's travis prince man he just won
brazilian nationals what are you doing
here
we got a fight
there is always some theoretical fighter
who thinks he can take on the pros
i looked in his eyes oh he's got it
[Applause]
he got sucker punched by blame
everybody's gonna want to see a rematch
my flesh made a medal once you clap
hands and go there's no
hiding you about to dance with the devil
that mat is gonna expose every lie
confirm every truth
[Music]
it's all or nothing come on
[Applause]
[Music]
you